LIcensing information can also be found at each source file.

----------------

OpenSMUS is licensed under a MIT License, compatible with both open source (GPL
or not) and commercial development.

Copyright (c) 2001-2008 Mauricio Piacentini <mauricio@tabuleiro.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------------------


While not linked to the product code, netty.jar & hsqldb.jar are included in the download
packages, and the respective licenses follow:

This product includes The Netty Project
Copyright 2009 Red Hat, Inc.
Please visit the Netty web site for more information:

  * http://www.jboss.org/netty/

Red Hat licenses this product to you under the Apache License, version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this product except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at:

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Also, please refer to each LICENSE.<component>.txt file, which is located in
the 'license' directory of the distribution file, for the license terms of the
components that this product depends on.


This product includes Hypersonic SQL

Copyright (c) 1995-2000 by the Hypersonic SQL Group. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

- All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must
display the following acknowledgment: "This product includes Hypersonic SQL."

- Products derived from this software may not be called "Hypersonic SQL" nor may
"Hypersonic SQL" appear in their names without prior written permission of the
Hypersonic SQL Group.

- Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes Hypersonic SQL."



This software is provided "as is" and any expressed or implied warranties,
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall the
Hypersonic SQL Group or its contributors be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not
limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or
profits; or business interruption). However caused any on any theory of
liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence
or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if
advised of the possibility of such damage.

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals on
behalf of the Hypersonic SQL Group.



This product includes changes contributed to HSQL by the HSQL Development Group

Copyright (c) 2001-2002, The HSQL Development Group

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer, including earlier license
statements (above) and comply with all above license conditions.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution, including earlier license
statements (above) and comply with all above license conditions.

- Neither the name of the HSQL Development Group nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.



THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL HSQL DEVELOPMENT GROUP, HSQLDB.ORG, OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. 